greetings and martín is that I do not see greetings and
hammer blows for everyone here so hammer
sooner than expected upon completion
the challenge of the thousand subscribers in
record time and with a week of
Advance take advantage of the days that are left
until the end of the month to pulverize those
figures and see how far we come with
views of a new challenge from here to Christmas
before presenting the special itself
I would like to thank all
that have made this possible for those who have
shared my channel to those who have
helped to grow with your support and also
to those who have participated in the
recording of this video just like the
previous time I also want to give the
thanks to the forums and pages
communities that allow me to publish and
spread my videos to get more
people to the server community of
Minecraft Kingdoms Iberians to Taringa and their
communities to the forum and groups of 3dgames
a forum minister to the empire community
a game admin 3 kraft and the forums
3d game local strike and half life
again I will leave the links in the
description at your disposal
remind you once more to keep
activated the annotations to see my
videos to know the changes that go
performing on them and also
they mentioned the importance of me
follow on facebook and twitter since
will be through these social networks
where will I go giving detailed information and
updated about the event that we are going to
perform in the coming days
that said I have the pleasure of
present the special tournament 1000 subs
angle nurseries game realms that
will hold next week between 28
October and November 3 the
qualifying rounds will take place
between Monday and Friday in two
different slots six of the
afternoon and twelve o'clock at night Spanish time
the winner of each round will be classified
for the final phase to be held in
early in the morning from Saturday to Sunday at
12 at night when Spain
the tournament is sponsored by kingdoms
Iberians by the youtuber partner of
cracker new game place and direct in the
king and by myself and will consist with
various prizes for the first three
Minecraft premium account posts
original codes of battlefield 3 and months
bits in the minecraft servers of
kingdoms books
to participate you should sign up
previously in the portal that we have
arranged for it at the www address
punto jan bien punto is barra tournament
filling in the form and using
your access data of those who
You will receive a copy in your email
to connect to the server with the ip in
us fine point is 2,311 at the time of
the qualifiers if you want to practice
before
you can familiarize us with the mode of
game on hunger server 164
games' kingdoms books for both premium
as not premium with ip in us well
point is 2,310 which is independent
of the tournament you already know the server hunger
games' normal is nerve in point of
2,310 and the 311 tournament, it goes without saying
that any person who fails to comply
rules will be expelled from the tournament
immediately in the description of
video and here in the portal we will put
all the detailed rules although the
most are common sense banned
do multi accounts forbidden to use
it's hacks and exploits forbidden to insult
and use capital letters forbidden the flood and
spam etc these days is going to be pretty
If you have already seen that we are going
per thousand 40 subscribers here in the channel
let's see how many of us arrived on the 31st
October continue sharing family
friends and acquaintances to see how much we got
at the end of the month and according to the figure that
let's get a new face challenge
to Christmas and I will make a raffle in said
dates with some prize and some gift and
of course do not forget the tournament
warned everyone to be
point to the portal and participate
the more we are obviously better
you could also point us
themselves and this is all for the moment they are going
to be quite busy days but
I hope everything goes well and that
really enjoy it give the x
subscribe do not forget to share the
videos and do not forget about the
social networks that I'll go there
saying everything necessary we see the
next video